MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
src/omnisynth/__init__.py
src/omnisynth/omni.py
src/omnisynth.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/omnisynth.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/omnisynth.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/omnisynth.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/omnisynth/dsp/README.md
src/omnisynth/dsp/__init__.py
src/omnisynth/dsp/main.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone1.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone2.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone3.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone4.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone5.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone6.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone7.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone8.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patches/tone9.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/gen_midi.txt
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/model.py
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/1.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/10.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/11.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/12.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/13.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/14.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/15.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/16.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/17.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/18.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/19.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/2.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/20.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/3.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/4.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/5.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/6.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/7.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/8.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/9.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 1 - C Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 10 - F Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 11 - A Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 12 - A Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 13 - A Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 14 - A Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 15 - A Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 16 - A Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 17 - A Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 18 - A Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 19 - A Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 2 - C Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 20 - A Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 21 - A Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 22 - B Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 3 - D Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 4 - D Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 5 - D Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 6 - D Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 7 - E Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 8 - F Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Eternity MIDI 9 - F Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 1 - C Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 10 - D Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 11 - E Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 12 - E Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 13 - E Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 14 - F Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 15 - F Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 16 - F Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 17 - G Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 18 - G Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 19 - G Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 2 - C Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 20 - G Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 21 - A Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 22 - B Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 3 - C Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 4 - D Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 5 - D Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 6 - D Min.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 7 - D Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 8 - D Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Cymatics - Lofi MIDI 9 - D Maj.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/E-Piano Chords MIDI.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/E-Piano MIDI (2).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/E-Piano MIDI.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Lofi Piano MIDI.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano 1 MIDI.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano 2 MIDI.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano Chords MIDI (2).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano Chords MIDI (3).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano Chords MIDI.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI (2).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI (3).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI (4).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI (5).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI (6).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI (7).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI (8).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI 1.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI 2.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Piano MIDI.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI (2).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI (3).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI (4).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI (5).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI (6).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI (7).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI (8).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI (9).mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/Rhodes MIDI.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/midi/lofi/merge_from_ofoct.mid
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern1.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern10.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern2.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern3.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern4.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern5.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern6.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern7.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern8.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song1/pattern9.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song2/pattern1.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song2/pattern2.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song2/pattern3.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song2/pattern4.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song2/pattern5.scd
src/omnisynth/dsp/patterns/songs/song2/pattern6.scd
src/omnisynth/submodules/__init__.py
src/omnisynth/submodules/omnimidi.py
src/omnisynth/submodules/osc.py